hey guys welcome to my channel in this
video we're going to discuss differences
between American and British English and
which accent you should end up learning
so if you're interested please continue
watching the disclaimer I was born and
raised in Russia and I spent 25 years of
my life in Russia just recently moved to
the United States and I'm still working
on my American accent a very interesting
thing that two years ago I had a British
accent so I will try to mimic both
accents in this video and we'll see the
differences if you're not a native
English speaker I'm gonna tell you a
very interesting story when I was 14 and
my English I was intermediate I was in
the UK with my friend who was from Great
Britain and we were standing by London
Eye and suddenly she turns her head and
says oh my god those Americans
what's with Americans and she says
kidding you hear their accent is so
different and I'm like I couldn't hear
it but I was like yes I guess but I
couldn't hear it the thing is I was able
to tell the difference between different
accents just when I reached the advanced
level before that I was listening to a
lot of British singers I am a big fan
and when I listened to her songs I
started hearing those when you kind of
minimize the T sound
it's LITTLEST it somewhere in your
throat then I started listening to Kate
Nash and I started to notice the way she
pronounces bitte bitte and I started to
realize this is a British thing so I
would say by the age of 17 during my
third trip to the UK I became proficient
in defining the accents gonna became
sober efficient that I was sitting with
my friend watching an American movie and
I said why don't they translate American
English into British because I cannot
get a thing I'm so used to British acts
and that was super funny the thing is if
you are intermediate don't really worry
about no other in the standing access
that's fine you're gonna come to it a
little later now I'm gonna sleep myself
into two different persons one is gonna
be American marina one is gonna be a
British marine well there my name is
marina and I'm
Great Britain what's up guys my name is
Rina I'm from the United States now
let's talk about the differences
themselves difference number one is the
way Americans pronounce T sound tomato
tomato
better better water water potato potato
yeah sometimes that are worse that are
written in the same way but they are
pronounced in a completely different way
herb hub salmon Salman schedule schedule
privacy privacy aluminum.aluminum adult
adult another thing that I've noticed is
that the letter A in British will be
pronounced as aa in American will be
pronounced as a for example when I was
visiting my friend her name is Catherine
when I was visiting her in the UK she
told me that she has a Robert and I was
so surprised I was like Robert no way
you should say rabbit and she was like
no in Britain would say Robin and yes
this is the way works in American versus
British English can't can't and aunt
another thing that I've noticed that
Americans love the sound art and British
people tend to diminish or just miss it
at all leisure leisure measure measure
clever clever Parliament Parliament burn
birth work work of course you know that
some words are completely different in
American compared to English but they
mean the same thing bathroom toilet
first floor ground floor second floor
first floor vacation holiday downtown
say Santa another thing that surprised
me but it should have been obvious is
that there is slang in different
countries that people do not understand
for example I came to America and I kept
saying posh which in British means that
you are kind of this luxury person
wearing luxury brands no polish and you
would say like Victoria Beckham is posh
or Kim Kardashian is posh in British but
Americans
they don't really know by the way if
you're American and if you're watching
this video let me know if you've heard
of the word posh before and of course
the language is affected by culture and
culture wise these two countries are
completely different because I deal with
both and when I get an email from a
British person it will be like dia
Marina I hope you're doing well
please let me know if you have any new
inquiries regarding the proposal we
discussed and I'm looking forward to
chatting to you in the next two weeks
the American email will be hey what's up
do you want a jump on a call so it would
be less formal and it will be a lot
shorter five o'clock tea alright guys I
think that was it let me know if you
enjoyed watching this video if this
video scores 5,000 likes then we're
gonna do the second part of it and tell
about other differences in both
languages if you are not subscribed to
this channel you need to do this like
look below the video there is a button
and it will subscribe please subscribe
and do not miss my next video I will see
you soon thank you so much for watching
bye
[Music]